q.1 what is the difference between mapplotlib and pandas
	pandas: Used for data manipulation and analysis
	mapplotlib: Used for data visualization (graphs)

q2. what is the difference between supervised and unsupervised learning
	supervised: used labled data, specific output
		eg: classification, regression -> decision tree, knn, svm
	unsupervised: used unlabeled data, hidden pattern or group
		eg: clustering, Association

q3. what is the difference between classification and clustering
	above
	classification: predict category
	clustering: create groups

q4. what is regression
		Regression is a supervised learning technique used to predict continuous
		numerical values based on input data.

q5.	what is the difference between linear regression and logistic regression
	Linear regression predicts continuous numerical values,
	logistic regression is used for classification and predicts the probability of a class (0 or 1).
	
q6. what is data analytics?
	Data analytics is the process of analyzing data to find useful information
	and support	decision-making.
	
q7. what id data mining
	data mining is the process of discovering patterns from large data set

q8. what is data warehouse
	data warehouse is a centralized system used to store large amounts of data from different sources
	
q.9. what is OLAP(Online Analytical Processing)
	technology that used to analyze multidimensional data quickly

q.10 k means algo
	K-Means is an unsupervised clustering algorithm that divides data into K groups based on similarity.
	steps
	.Choose the number of clusters K
	.Select initial centroids (center points)
	.Assign each data point to the nearest centroid
	.Recalculate the centroids
	.Repeat until clusters stop changing

q.11 pivot table: convert large dataset in excel
q.12 pivot chart: grapical representation of pivot table

q.13 what is what-if analysis
	check how changing value effect result

q.14 fact table: contains measurable numerical data for analysis
	 decision table: contains detailes or description about the data in the fact table
